# packages in environment at /home/nabeel/miniforge3/envs/robot:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.6.1              hf897c2e_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.4.0                headf329_1    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h4e544f5_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hf897c2e_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               hf897c2e_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            h4fd8a4c_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hd19fb6e_1013    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h12b9eeb_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.3            py37hb20f0a7_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.8                ha18d298_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.4.2           gpl_h4289b67_107    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_ha1d0423_105    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               h856ede2_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freeglut                  3.2.2                h01db608_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hbbbf32d_0    conda-forge
getch                     1.0                      pypi_0    pypi
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h6edf1e2_1008    conda-forge
glib                      2.72.1               h7866ba4_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.72.1               h7866ba4_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h7fd3ca4_0    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.7.7                h5e100cc_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h7fd3ca4_1001    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.20.3               hfe44c80_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.20.3               hf4e84e4_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  5.1.0                hbf849d3_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.2          nompi_h7bde11e_100    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 ha18d298_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.15.2             pyh210e3f2_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.32.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jack                      1.9.18            h13dfac2_1002    conda-forge
jasper                    2.0.33               h5ced176_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
jetson-gpio               2.0.17                   pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h9cdd2b7_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.11.1           py37hfd236b0_0    conda-forge
keyboard                  0.13.5                   pypi_0    pypi
keyutils                  1.6.1                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h7c456eb_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             hf897c2e_1001    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-aarch64     2.36.1               h02ad14f_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h4de3ea5_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linuxaarch64_openblas    conda-forge
libcap                    2.64                 hbb70f59_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linuxaarch64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  14.0.6          default_ha7bf5e6_0    conda-forge
libclang13                14.0.6          default_h3684801_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h0c1ea75_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h8fd98b7_0    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h01db608_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.13                 h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h6aed413_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3557bc0_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.3.4                h4de3ea5_0    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h3242a24_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.1.0              he9431aa_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.1.0              h41d5c85_16    conda-forge
libglib                   2.72.1               hd4f7528_0    conda-forge
libglu                    9.0.0             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.1.0              h3242a24_16    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h6dd45c4_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.3                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linuxaarch64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           16_linuxaarch64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hb2805f8_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h4173d3e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                hf897c2e_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h3557bc0_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h6cb6f83_3    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.6.0            py37hd709791_4    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                hf897c2e_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hf9034f9_4    conda-forge
libpq                     14.5                 h9bd3da0_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.21.5               h7866ba4_0    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.0.31               h01db608_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hb9de7d4_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.2               hf9034f9_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               h4bb3959_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              hd01590b_16    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.19.0               h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                hb3f8b40_3    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h01db608_1008    conda-forge
libudev1                  249                  h4e544f5_4    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               hf897c2e_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            hf897c2e_1000    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h01db608_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.11.0               h01db608_3    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h3557bc0_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he09c752_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h370961a_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h4e544f5_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
mysql-common              8.0.30               hcde889d_1    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.30               h913e832_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  headf329_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nettle                    3.8.1                hcc5b78b_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.32                 h01db608_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.78                 h1b46d77_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.21.5           py37h8c07229_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.6.0            py37hd9ded2f_4    conda-forge
openh264                  2.3.0                h4de3ea5_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1q               h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               h9f2702f_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h01db608_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               hb9de7d4_0    conda-forge
portaudio                 19.6.0               h1b3115f_5    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.28                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.1            py37h795501a_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9de7d4_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pulseaudio                14.0                 h7bc5c8a_8    conda-forge
py-opencv                 4.6.0            py37h5f802ee_4    conda-forge
pygments                  2.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.12          h9f07fca_100_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-dotenv             0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
python_abi                3.7                     2_cp37m    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.2.1           py37h7cb28e0_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.4               h09093bf_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h38e3740_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.0.2            py37hcb2b5d4_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.3            py37hd18d958_0    conda-forge
setuptools                61.2.0           py37hd9ded2f_3    conda-forge
sharedarray               3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.39.2               h69ca7e5_1    conda-forge
svt-av1                   1.2.1                h4de3ea5_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               hd8af866_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2              py37heeccf27_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
websockets                10.2                     pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h4e544f5_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  hdd96247_3    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h4e544f5_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h965e137_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h3557bc0_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h3557bc0_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h3557bc0_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h3557bc0_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h9cdd2b7_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h01db608_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h4e544f5_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                hc1e27d5_4    conda-forge
